This is beta release 1.6 of GNU Oleo

Mostly patches from volunteers.

This is beta release 1.5 of GNU Oleo

Bug fixes galore.  All reported bugs have been fixed except that there
is still no support for 8-bit characters.

This is beta release 1.4 of GNU Oleo

This is a bug fix release on the occaision of the second GNU CD-ROM.
Order yours today!   Previous announcements follow:

This is beta release 1.3.1 of GNU Oleo.  

Oleo is a spreadsheet program (better for you than the more expensive
spreadsheet).  It is an X client and also runs on character-based
terminals.  It can generate embedded Postscript renditions of
spreadsheets.  Keybindings should be familiar to Emacs users and are
configurable by users.

This is primarily a bug fix release.  If you had trouble compiling
1.3, please try 1.3.1.  Pretty much all reported bugs are believed to
have been fixed, so re-reports are appropriate.  A notable exception
is the large number of spelling errors in the on-line documentation.  I
apologize for those; they'll be fixed in 1.3.2.

New formula functions for manipulating dates and times have been
added.  See the file NEWS for more information.

Bug reports should be sent to bug-oleo@prep.ai.mit.edu.

Oleo users may wish to subscribe to bug-oleo by sending a message to
bug-oleo-request@prep.ai.mit.edu.  Subscribers will receive all
incoming bug reports, some of which may contain helpful information or
(unconfirmed) patches.  If there are enough subscribers, the list
might become a good place to seek or offer help.  The drawback to
subscribing is that subscribers will receive all incoming bug reports
which may contain lots of useless or uninteresting information.

==========
[This is from the 1.3 announcement, which is still current.]

Introduced in 1.3 were many new features:

- On line help.  ^H is the help prefix.  ^H ^W creates a wallchart of
  keybindings.

- Oleo speaks gnuplot.  The prefix M-g leads to a menu of commands for
  drawing graphs.

- Tax forms.  The first spreadsheet contributed by a volunteer: 1992
  federal and State of Connecticut tax forms.  Load the file `irs-1992.oleo'.

- The keybindings are more Emacs-like.

The file NEWS describes these changes in more detail.

The file USING is the only manual-type documentation there is at this
time.  It is somewhat out of date.  The on-line documentation is more
up to date.

Future plans include:
  - More options for postscript printing than just EPS.

  - Incrementally improving the Oleo command set and display interface.

  - Extending the data model to support
    - Multiple spreadsheet files (like multiple buffers in Emacs).
    - Multiple named variables and arrays within a single file
      (or shared by multiple files).
    - Symbolic addressing (rather than only row/column addressing).

  - A volunteer has offered to work on a manual for Oleo.

